Aim: 
To allow builds with more clips to be undertaken

Objectives:
    (1) Increase the 'MAX_xxx' capacities of the script so that the script isn't arbitrarily limited
        - Specifically allow tip racks to be replaced by iterating the index of the tip
        - Also consider volume of reagents required at every step
    (2) Alter the mag purification script to allow for the purification of a whole plate (96)
    (3) Change the DNA_Bot app to be able to generate multiple clip and mag purification scripts as required
    (4) Change the assembly step to allow multiple clip plates as required (I think max two plates of 96 wells each)
    (5) Increase the efficiency of scripts by including multidispensing, also look for other ways to speed up script
    (6) Introduce new start point from clips df
    (7) General improvements to the code such as texting capability and flashing lights
    (8) Intelligent iterative build design that suggests intermediate builds


(1) Reagent vol considerations
Reagents are required for each of the four steps and the total volume required may exceed the current capacity, either in terms 
of requiring additional tubes, or infact being greater than the absolute capacity of what is possible on the opentron. For the 
clip step, master mix and water are required. I will not be increasing the max number of clips from 48 (see discussion in (2)) 
so therefore no additional changes are required for the clip step. The Mag step will be altered to allow for the purification of
96 constructs which is double the original number of 48. Three reagents are used for this step which are ethanol, H2O, and beads.
Both the volume of beads and the volume of H2O in the reservoir are adequate (with beads required being 456ul out of 750ul and 
H2O being 3648ul out of 20,000ul). However the amount of ethanol required is greater than the amount in the reservoir (at 
2,8800ul out of 20,000ul). This can be easily fixed by including a second well of ethanol within the reservoir. For the assembly 
step, the changes in the program will impact only the number of clips which are present on the plate and not the total number of 
constructs which are to be built, which is limited by the capacity of the thermocycler and therefore remains at a maximum of 96.
No changes therefore need to be made to the reagent capacity for the assembly reaction. For the Transformation, I have written 
an entire new script which I will substitute the original for. 

I may need to consider the API v1.0 scripts and the APIv2.8 scripts without the thermocycler but these are not a priority.


(2) increase max clip number
This could be done in a couple of ways. The two options are to produce multiple plates of 48 or to produce multiple plates of 96.
Advantages of 48 plate:
    - Do not need to edit the mag purification script too much
    - amount of time taken for clip and purification step is not significantly increased - less evaporation
    - less deck slots required as source and destination plate are the same

Advantages of 96 plate:
    - more clips per plate so fewer deck slots taken up in assembly step
    - more compact for storage

I think its probably better to keep the 48 script as the time take for the clip step is already significant (~ 4 hours), however 
a third option presents itself wherein multiple clip plates could be combined at the purification stage.


(6) Increase efficiency
Consider making a BB master mix 


To Do:
    - Increase max capacities
    - check whether any scripts are running out of tips? how will I know? how can I fix?
    - check what max vol of reagents could hypothetically be required for 192 clips
    - ammend meta data to match new requirements
    - output all files into different folders for each version


Final assembly
    - find a way to allow the script to handle multiple clip plates